One last video on the overall design of this application.
So first I want to show you a list of the different events we're going to create.
We're going to have events like user created, user updated, ticket created, ticket updated, everything
you see on this list right here.
Now, some of these events might not make a lot of sense right now, but over time, we're going to
have a very deep discussion about the goal of each of these different events.
You'll notice that right now they all kind of seem more or less kind of simple in nature, and the name
of each of them is kind of self evident.
So we're going to emit events like, say, order expired whenever a order goes over that 15 minute limit.
I just want to give you this list of events right now, just to give you a picture of some of the different
events we're going to create.
But the absolute definition of each one is not super important right now.
On that.
Just one last quick diagram here.
So this is going to be just a couple of notes on the overall design of each service.
So we are going to have once again a kind of React client application that is going to be in charge
of showing some content inside the browser.
This time around, this React application is going to be built using next JS.
If you are not familiar with next JS at all, don't sweat it.
Next is a server side rendering react framework.
There's a very, very good reason that we're going to use server side rendering in this application.
We'll discuss why that is as soon as we start building that React application.
We're then going to have our art tickets, orders payments and expiration services that are all going
to be essentially simple node servers.
Each one of them is going to be running express very similar to how we've been doing on that first project.
This time around, each of these different services are going to have some persistent storage in the
form of MongoDB.
You know, absolutely.
We could use a database besides MongoDB and some of these, but we're just going to stick with MongoDB
all the way through because this is not really a course about teaching you the basics of database design
or something like that.
We could have some of these services using Mongo and maybe one over here using host Chris or what have
you.
But we're just going to stay consistent and use Mongo all the way through.
Do you notice that the expiration service, on the other hand, is going to be making use of Redis?
You have not used Redis.
Again, don't sweat it.
Super easy to learn and pick up.
We're using Redis on expiration for a very, very particular reason and you'll see why as soon as we
start building out that service.
Each of these different services are going to be making use of a shared common library.
So we're going to refer to this common library right here simply as common.
Just about everything else inside this diagram.
Is there a reference to a technology or something like that?
In this case, Common is going to be an NPM module that you and I are going to build to share a bunch
of code among these different services.
So we're going to be putting a lot of time into this common library to figure out some of the different
middle layers and events.
Who knows what else we're going to need that are going to be commonly used between all these different
services.
And then finally for an event bus, rather than building our own this time around, we're going to be
using something else called the Nats streaming server.
Now the term Nats right here, if you've ever done some router setup like a home router, I'm not talking
about an express router.
I'm talking about an actual wi fi router or a networking router.
You might have heard of something called NAT like network address translation that is totally different
than that streaming server.
So if you have heard of the term Nat, not the same as NAT streaming server.
Essentially this is an event bus, somewhat similar nature to the one that we built just a little bit
ago.
Of course, it's very, very different in its implementation, tremendously different, but it's more
or less going to do the same thing as the event.
Plus, we put together a little bit ago it's going to receive some events from our services and then
echo those events out to all of our other services.
That's pretty much it.
Okay.
So again, I'm just showing this diagram to give you a picture of what we're going to have to do for
this application.
So one more pause right here.
We're going to start writing some code and doing some setup in just a moment.